Revise the FFI chapters (#190)
rust-unofficial/patterns: idioms/ffi-accepting-strings.md

When accepting strings via FFI through pointers, there are two principles that should be followed:

1. Keep foreign strings "borrowed", rather than copying them directly.
2. Minimize the amount of complexity and `unsafe` code involved in converting
   from a C-style string to native Rust strings

## Motivation

The strings used in C have different behaviours to those used in Rust, namely:

- C strings are null-terminated while Rust strings store their length
- C strings can contain any arbitrary non-zero byte while Rust strings must be
  UTF-8
- C strings are accessed and manipulated using `unsafe` pointer operations
  while interactions with Rust strings go through safe methods

> The Rust standard library comes with C equivalents of Rust's `String` and `&str`
> called `CString` and `&CStr`.
> 
> By using `CString` and `&CStr` we avoid a lot of the complexity and `unsafe`
> code involved in converting between C strings and Rust strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Rust standard library comes with C equivalents of Rust's `String` and `&str`
called `CString` and `&CStr`, that allow us to avoid a lot of the complexity and `unsafe`
code involved in converting between C strings and Rust strings.
```

should be followed:

1. Keep foreign strings "borrowed", rather than copying them directly.
2. Minimize the amount of complexity and `unsafe` code involved in converting

>    from a C-style string to native Rust strings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   from a C-style string to native Rust strings.
```

## Motivation

The strings used in C have different behaviours to those used in Rust, namely:

- C strings are null-terminated while Rust strings store their length
- C strings can contain any arbitrary non-zero byte while Rust strings must be
  UTF-8
- C strings are accessed and manipulated using `unsafe` pointer operations
  while interactions with Rust strings go through safe methods

The Rust standard library comes with C equivalents of Rust's `String` and `&str`

> called `CString` and `&CStr`, that allow us to avoid a lot of the complexity and `unsafe`
> code involved in converting between C strings and Rust strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
called `CString` and `&CStr`, that allow us to avoid a lot of the complexity
and `unsafe` code involved in converting between C strings and Rust strings.
```

    // other module content

    /// Log a message at the specified level.
    ///
    /// # Safety
    ///

>     /// It is the caller's guarantee to ensure `msg`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// It is the caller's guarantee to ensure `msg`:
```

    ///
    /// - is not a null pointer
    /// - points to valid, initialized data
    /// - points to memory ending in a null byte
    /// - won't be mutated for the duration of this function call
    #[no_mangle]

>     pub unsafe extern "C" fn mylib_log(msg: *const libc::c_char, level: libc::c_int) {

Reviewer: I don't like that we are extending the scope of unsafe.
`crate::log` is a safe function, so there is no point in placing it inside unsafe, right?
Maybe we could extract `match` into its own unsafe function?

Reviewer 2: The reason is because [`#[no_mangle]` is inherently unsafe, due to implied guarantees about the rest of the code](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/28179). It is those guarantees that the `unsafe fn` represents.

Reviewer: Thank you, I learned something :)
Marking this as solved.
